hi guys welcome you to
our channel today i will show you two
new cars from disney
cartoon car
this is god to poll and
1 bldg 3 bob kotlas it is world wide
famous commentator
sporting events overlocker arthritis this
former racer
but now he works with the boiler god himself
his team
on the back of the package we still see
several machines from the reporters series
collect everything and you will have great
collection
now my circle is a box and see
how does the typewriter actually look like
so the first machine god kotlas
this metal machine is brown
there are absolutely no colors on it
stickers and no inscriptions
the second machine is expensive card with it
the former racer is now working along with
god of the cauldron himself his team
goes to various sports
activities and shoots them on it
drawn flames it means that this
the machine is very fast and she loves
speed hi god hi gave like u
i'm fine i'm gonna go to
Sochi at the 2014 Olympic Games
can this be yes and what will you be there
do i will shoot different
competitions such as figure skating
snowboard skiing
bobsleigh and others in this one yes my not
I will go with you of course for nothing I will
only glad you will help me
comment
sports competitions hooray thanks
big bob you are very kind come on
let's see who will be the first to arrive in Sochi
only I have to warn you
In Sochi very high mountains and there it is very
steep roads so be careful and
very angry cops I once there
was and that's what happened
and what happened we learn our
next video featuring sheriff guys
Thanks for watching my videos
I hope you like them subscribe
on our channel bye